How to ensure the quality of a software system    Software quality assurance (SQA) systems
are vital for software developers in the software and the electronicsindustries as well as 
for information systems divisions in organizations. Software quality is a multi-faceted 
concept.     For any software product, measures associated with its attributes should 
collectively reflect likely user satisfaction with use of the product  over its lifetime.It 
will also, in general, be affected by unstated expectations;whether these were simply 
overlooked or whether they stem from unforeseen and unanticipated product (system)
behaviourduring use.Identification of specific quality attributes from the broad spectrum 
implied by the abovedefinition and their relative importance are,in general, context 
dependent. Quality objectives will be a function of,for example,the application area, the 
userenvironment and socioeconomic issues. Reliable program execution, for example,is a 
universal quality requirement.    The need for improved software quality leads, therefore,
to a search for a directed and disciplined softwaredevelopment process. This in turn 
suggests the widest use of formal methods and mechanization.    Formal methods are, in 
suggests the widest use of formal methods and mechanization.    Formal methods are, in 
general, difficult to execute reliably, particularly for the non-mathematically 
inclined.CASE support is essential for their wide industrial application.There are many 
testing tools, each with specificcapabilities and test objectives.Even if the right testing
tools is selected,it will spend time to learn the tool,to learn ,to set up. Even more,may be
the tool is too expensive to afford.If the test if going to perform only once ,it is not 
worth a testing tool.   But the most important is the SQA group,what the SQA group should
do?  1. The SQA group works with the software project during its early stages to establish 
plans, standards, and procedures that will add value to the software project and satisfy the
 project constraints and the organization’s policies.  2. The SQA group reviews project 
tasks and audits software work products throughout the SDLC life cycle and provides
management with visibility as to whether the software project is adhering to its established
objectivesand standards.Most software quality assurance activities can be categorized into:
 testing quality control software configuration managementThe success software quality 
 assurance program also depends on a coherent collection of standards, practices, 
 conventions, and specification.   So those are what I have learned form SQA . 
